hey everyone and welcome to a new vlog I
guess I'm a bit nervous this morning
because it's my first exam today just to
catch up for those who aren't aware of
what I'm doing right now or who I even
am I'm Paige and I'm a second year
student at the University of Cambridge
and I'm studying physical Natural
Sciences so basically I'm doing two
physics modules and a maths module this
year and guys yes it is a Saturday and
yes I have an exam on a Saturday isn't
it lovely
just what I want to be doing on a
Saturday afternoon today is a physics
exam on quantum mechanics with a bit of
experimental methods thrown in there I'm
just kind of reading over notes jotting
things down practicing some of the short
notes style questions we have to answer
do I know it I think I know more than I
think I know I hope I've lost my
appetite
typical Debs I woke up this morning and
I just couldn't get back to sleep
because all I could think about was like
physics keeping on going through my head
and I just couldn't switch it off at
least it's getting one done with I have
six exams in total five of them are in
the space of the next week and then
one's kind of a few days later so that
over quite quickly anyway I'm gonna get
back to kind of cramming if you will I
don't know if I'd call it cramming like
I revised it or before this is just a
refresher you know okay everyone so I
think I'm kind of ready I mean I'm never
ready but I think I'm kind of ready I am
wearing the same dress as I wore on the
first day of exams last year but make no
mistake we are one year on we're just
wearing this dress I'm about to go have
lunch with Ella down in the gym I'm
taking these lecture notes down and I'm
gonna read over at this particular set
of lecture notes and hope it kinda goes
in hello vlog so I'm just saying outside
doing some final revision for the exam
got my lecture notes out I don't even
think it's helping at all just kind of
giving up at this point
well hello I've logged so I am back from
my exam and I'm going for walk down the
Jesus College nature trail to de-stress
with my friends who are hit the exam
went okay I mean it was by no means like
my finest work but also it wasn't like
the worst ever I'd say it was pretty
average and I'm okay with how I did I'm
just glad it's over and I know I tried
my best and also there's another paper
for that same module so if that goes
really really well then it's all going
well so yeah I've not got another exam
until Tuesday now so like just taking it
easy then I'm going to CAF and then I'm
going to do a maths + paper after dinner
I think this evening by I'm paying
Germans with my friends and having fun
cuz he's losing for once it's not me
that's losing solo because of age
usually it's Paige Italy hope this makes
you understand it's actually quite easy
to do bad at this game just cuz of bad
luck amazingly edges the West German
bridge I'm not the best - German bridge
but one day we were guys I came second
in the card game out five of us I used
with conviction I may be a fool
okay and now we'll just speak to the
winner who's in
I have to say much actually our half an
hour speech got ready to go I fell I
just like to thank all of you guys I
like thank all of the fans it was a good
card game unfortunately it means I now
have to return to work but hello
everyone in my pajamas I've taken my
makeup off and I feel much much better I
have got some workout and I'm kind of
just doing some light work this evening
because it has been quite a full-on day
I've got some chilled music on so that's
nice I forgot to say earlier that like
we had to cycle over to our exam and it
was the sunniest day ever today
Cambridge was so so busy everyone was
having picnics walking down the streets
with ice cream everyone was just having
a lovely day and I was like really I
have to cycle through all this see all
these people having such a lovely time
and I'm heading into an exam but it's
fine that is my life at the moment I'm
not going to complain too much because
it's not that bad I've got six exams
that each three hours I'm gonna keep
revising and try and get a fairly early
night this evening I just want to make
sure I keep getting a good night's sleep
during exam season that's one thing I
want to get this week it's enough sleep
oh wait sorry that wasn't a joke
oh how naive past page was I'm gonna run
tomorrow morning I've been running since
Tuesday I think and that's quite a long
time
I missed the runs I want to go running
so I'm gonna go running okay I'm done
I'm finished for the evening I'm so
tired
see you guys tomorrow for another fun
day of revision I'm promised gonna do
maths all day I'd really like to do well
in maths this year because I'm taking
astrophysics next year and it's quite
maths heavy some of the people taking
astrophysics alongside me next year will
be people who have done the first two
years of their degree in the maths
tryparse which means that they're very
good at maths but I mean maths is my
favourite module definitely this year
the one thing this year about my exams
is that I'm not allowed a calculator
in my math sick Sam's which I thought
would be an issue because you know my
mental maths isn't great but uh actually
like I was a fever and I was like it's
not as if we're doing any multiplication
or division these days these days is
just algebraic exercises really hello
so the morning run didn't happen I was
tired I woke up and I didn't want to get
out of bed it was in quite a contrast to
yesterday morning when I literally just
couldn't lie in at all life I had to get
up last night slept so well I was just
that tired that I just yeah it was a
good night sleep
hi vlog so it is actually now the
evening I feel like I literally blinked
and the day went so quickly you could do
with a bit more time because so much
work to do so much content to still
learn I've got tomorrow just to do my
final prep for my maths paper one I
think the plan is I'm gonna go for a run
tomorrow morning and I am actually gonna
go for the run tomorrow morning then I'm
gonna just do so many maths Paul's paper
questions tomorrow practice practice
practice is the way you get good at
maths
you just get quick at maths I've spent
some time chatting with my friends today
which has been nice we're all doing
exams some people are more stressed than
others I'd say I'm probably on the more
stress to end of the scale not much
stresses me out I'm actually normally a
very chill person usually very
optimistic as well but then exams just
like it's the one time of year when I'm
just a little bit stressed so tense but
I have started to convince myself
recently
the outcome of the exams is not the
be-all and end-all as long as I do my
best that's fine and I'm happy with that
good morning everyone so I've been for
my morning run I've had breakfast
a bowl of shreddies and now I'm gonna
put my laundry on really quickly cuz I
spotted that our washing machine is free
no one's using it I've got quite a bit
of laundry to do and this week it just
gets extremely hectic from tomorrow
onwards and it's literally just exam
after exam after exam and I'm just not
even going to have time to do anything
else so basically I need to get my
laundry done now or I'm going to run out
of clothes
so I'm just gonna go and put it on
quickly and have a shower and get
working
[Music]
hey everyone so just I've been doing so
much math today I'm basically doing a
whistle-stop tour of the whole maths
course for this particular paper I've
got a list of topics and she's just
working down them and just reminding
myself of each topic doing maybe one or
two questions on each topic then moving
on to the next one
I'm just hoping it sticks okay I think
the next topic and winner-take- on I've
got a choice between calculus of
variations and matrices I might go for
calculus of variations because I've
revised this quite well already so it's
a topic I can quickly bash out yeah I'm
just building up my repertoire of maths
knowledge I mean I think I can make an
attempt at eight out of ten of the
questions I have to choose six out of
ten and I think being able to attempt
eight out of ten isn't half bad okay so
I'm just heading off for a quick break
gets cast barbecue this evening I'm
literally a walking advert for Jesus
College today Jesus close jumper Jesus
could bag it could be a quick calf break
though I'm like literally thinking about
half an hour maybe 45 minutes tops
because I've got lots to do this evening
hey guys so I've had dinner I'm back
from CAF I'm back at my desk I'm back
working I'm on two matrices I should be
doing passed paper questions I am doing
passed paper questions
I've tried time myself now I'm having
that last minute panic again my half
before every exam and I feel I'm not
ready it's great surely surely six
decent questions can come up we can keep
our fingers crossed
okay so sitting here and I'm just
starting to feel you know verging on
stressed but I'm not stressed believe it
or not like I'm fine and gave it tired
of work I'm getting less and less
productive my focus is going so I'm
taking a break and I'm gonna go do some
laundry because my laundry still
downstairs I've put on two loads today
laundry has literally become my stress
relief was my life become
[Music]
guys look at all the color that's run
out of my clothes like this is the color
catcher I put in the washing machine to
pick up all the color that runs it makes
me think like why would I ever do a wash
without one hey guys sorry to cut in but
we are lucky enough to have a laundry
segment sponsor today and it is
Skillshare Skillshare is an online
learning community for creators with
over 25,000 classes in design business
and so many other areas premium
memberships give you unlimited access to
all their classes and all their
communities I've actually done a few
really really good courses on the site
and most recently I've been doing one
called context is key social media
strategy in a noisy online world this
particular course is made up of 24
lessons I found the teacher really
engaging it covers all the social media
platforms it's definitely been a good
use of my free time whilst I'm away from
uni and it just keeps me productive
keeps me learning Skillshare is giving
away a free two months unlimited access
trial to my subscribers who click the
link in the description box below and
after that is only around $10 per month
I honestly think Skillshare is a great
online learning platform so do check
them out if you're interested and let's
continue with the laundry
[Music]
it started Thunder storming outside lots
of thunder lots of lightning pouring
with rain and I'm hoping it's not
pathetic fallacy or anything like that
it's an omen for how my exam is gonna go
we're calling it a day we're gonna look
over my notes a bit more and just kind
of get myself clued up on some key
proofs while I have breakfast tomorrow
morning and yeah then we're just gonna
go and do our best cuz that's all I can
do really hi guys today I don't have
much choice in the matter
I'm gonna get up have some breakfast and
go do an exam hey guys so we're walking
to our maths exam is in the town centre
today which is actually more convenient
for us than anywhere in West Cambridge
and that's good I've been looking at my
notes as I walk I'm surprised I haven't
tripped over yeah I think I just need to
accept that I know what I know and you
know just go do it
hey guys so I just come out my exam I
mean I've come back to college since but
you know if the exam ended about 45
minutes ago and it was okay it was as
well as it could have gone I think do
you I mean you weren't that the guy on
the table next to me like sat back about
two hours in and just stopped right you
just sat back like it's like he was done
and I was like are you joking me and
then half an hour later he was just I
think I could see I'm just quickly
flicking through then he let's have a
massive swear word which I won't say on
this video and he clearly made a mistake
and I was like well joke's on you he was
making me feel right stress I was like
I'm behind I haven't as many questions
as I should have done at this point
that's all okay I think I timed it fine
in the end
that's two exams down now guys now I'm
going to CAF for a break for some food
and then I've got an exam on Thursday
next so I need to revise for that
[Music]
okay so I've had a extended break and
now I'm ready to get working again so
I'm going to file away all my notes from
maths that I have been revising with I
no longer need so that's very satisfying
I quite like doing that and then I'm
gonna get out my physics a work my next
exam is on optics and waves and
oscillations and condensed matter
physics I am a little bit worried about
what's going to happen after that papers
done because I have three days in a row
of exams so it's not really gonna give
me much turnover time between each day
to revise for the other stuff hey guys
so basically I've been trying to do work
this afternoon it's just been so
unproductive because I've been feeling
really tired so I think I'm gonna take a
nap and then just come back to it after
my nap
everyone so I've done a few hours this
evening there's a lot of stuff I just
know vaguely and it's just know enough
to know it vaguely I need to know the
ins and outs of it exactly why it works
how it works but it's all something
we're gonna sort out tomorrow because
it's my bedtime yeah I think the fan is
tomorrow just do tons of pass paper
questions tons of short notes slash
essay writing practice basically we need
to do everything tomorrow I've also got
to go to Sainsbury's because I haven't
literally run out of food there is
nothing in the fridge I went down to
have a sandwich this evening for dinner
my bread was mouldy also chocolate
biscuits we run out of chocolate
biscuits that's the biggest disaster
there is how am I supposed to keep going
without chocolate biscuits I don't know
yeah I'm gonna go to bed and get a good
night's rest because I think that's the
best thing I can do right now and I'm
gonna sleep knowing that I'm trying my
best good morning everyone so I've had a
shower this morning didn't go for a run
and just woke up and didn't want to get
out of bed really I just want to
prioritize getting a good night's sleep
every night just gonna do a hefty day of
revision now what fun hey guys so I'm
just making a coffee you might be
thinking Paige you look quite high up
and yes I am but you see the thing is I
need a chair to stand on to reach my
stuff in this
these cupboards are not made for short
people if I want a coffee can never
reach my coffee beans anything on this
top shelf I need a chair to stand on to
get stuff out okay so I've just been to
sign my license agreement for my room
next year which I've been meaning to do
pages I miss the original deadline quite
bad but you know things got quite hectic
with exams I've now done it so that's
good I will have a room next year now
I'm off to Sainsbury's very quickly
I've already 25 minutes into my lunch
break because I had to finish drying my
hair then I did pause to chat to my
friends for 5-10 minutes hello everyone
so you know took longer than planned
going to Sainsbury's and then making
lunch but what can you do when I was in
Sainsbury's I really wants to treat
myself and then I've bought a Kinder
Surprise because it just takes me back
to my childhood like I used to love
kinder eggs I want to be a child again I
don't want to do exams I don't like all
this responsibility I've got I just want
to go back to my childhood so that's
what we're doing oh oh this is exciting
oh yeah it comes in little instructions
on how to put it together maybe this is
my lucky exam mascot morning everyone so
I'm about to head off to another exam
yeah I had the worst night's sleep last
night ever I don't know if I've said
that already in this floor because I
haven't been sleeping too well lately
but definitely last night was the worst
night ever I just literally couldn't
sleep it's really hot in my room even
though I have the window wide open I
don't even know what I'm gonna do
because I've got to get back to revision
straight after this exams I have an exam
tomorrow and I was thinking to myself
that actually you know I've got 18 hours
of exams this year that's not that much
different to like the hours of exams you
have four GCSEs at JCC's maybe I had 20
exams 22 exams or something like that
no each about an hour long maybe maybe
some of them were a bit longer so like
with my 18 hours in total this year I'm
not far off having the amount of stuff
to do that I did at GCSE and that's not
fun I don't enjoy that GCSEs were a lot
of work and this is a lot of work I'm
just looking forward to getting another
one done coz at lunchtime today I could
say I'm halfway I'm not sure how this
was gonna go I've taken quite a risky
strategy
in the I don't know significant chunks
of the course and I focused on other
chunks of the course in the hope that
the chunks I know will come up
not ideal but like just the amount of
content they want us to know I just
haven't had time to learn it all I don't
know how people do I'm trying my best
here I'm not slacking off at all it's
just um it's just realistically what
I've had time to do and that's it I went
into my exam and you'll have to wait
till the next vlog to see how it went
please do give this video a like if you
enjoyed it let's aim for 4000 likes I
think we can smash that and follow me on
Instagram it's at underscore page
underscore why subscribe to see more
videos from me yeah see you soon with
another video
[Music]